Who are you?
You forgot to tell you
I have learned more than just medicine in the past ten years in the mountains
With my skills, let alone you guys
Even if there are ten more, they will also give me heads.
You can't do anything to me
My dad won't let you go
How about you?
I also think my hands are dirty
Let me tell you something.
Did you poison your uncle?
That's right, how am I?
I don't do it.
How to marry you
Let you lose the backer of the Duan family?
Are you talking nonsense? Do you count me?
Just a few of you trash still want to fight me
Do you have that ability?
I tell you the evidence is complete now
You are waiting for a lawsuit
single-minded
Bunch of trash
What should I do now?
It's all over now.
This young master
How are you?